oh i'm raising to the opening of
the few booklets has been a year and
that was very nice and I will become one
wiske
yes bloggers camping for is made
and some movies so I know your soul o
allah says come biggest online otherwise
and yes it was even a lot of fun and me
hope it meets other bloggers and
which games card got
super plants for the grit primark and
yes I made very good use of it
I have good shopped by appointment
sold
and yes i will start the shop tomorrow
asked first too heavy voice yes me
bought did that
so shit black and then fill
silver and he is too small for school
but what a god a job so this
I will then find easy format format
you can
shen day you go somewhere or something and that
this the eyelid
it is very easy
and then there is with and so much fun and that
was like that
euro then with this candle plows with one
elder on it's gas my brown
yes I do have p i see her show
baroque but who are close by and now
could be enough kees actually an old one
chapel nice for fall
so yes and your skin to ways i now
was the euro these gloves that I did
weaver my sister because she already had them
terrace broke and say with pandas
and your two hours clearly too
bought such
No
darts irish in our large and
December and dashes and this we
underestimate train oldies
niwa 250 also bought a few more
shoes and every year I doubted it
wanted to buy this or not but now me
anyway a gift card what i thought i would
they take it I've both taken and yes
they run quite well
and they just black heels
this is how he looks and they were twenty
euros to the clothes
state a lot of nice bag women sat there
more for a friend of mine
asked himself to take things and then
very much but now it was n't always like that
but well we these tops
December 5 euro caresses also at the
letters rai land and sara so
and this just typing in your dream of
the couple make this is the fun
yes of course water color he is something
greener not really because now that banana is gone
same color dress but he is not
greener and myself bought this vest
it two cardigan but I think it
nice he was so nice and nice
it was 8 euros and it is a bit
mixed gray
I also bought a shirt yes
and so if I went faster , I just stand
doubts and 18 mother we are quite
near where I work a headscarf can
she easily things back barends me
thought i have nothing to fit that 100
centric was so i thought ok i can do this
will try and return well and
blame stitcher
is a bit cramped and there are
all about those faatimah hands on
I liked it and I think so
you go along with shorts and figures
the wealth by the way
9 euros there were also lots of fun
dresses for Christmas oh yeah well there ran
simple christmas you just festive
among other dress beauty always have
among other things this is a whole one
white lace dress and I like it so much
digs here
yes so a man details in chance and faith
in pieces
and therefore if you have a slip dress yes
so yes he is just nicely finished and
replace bank I think this is good
look and not very resilient and
that was 17 euros then almost the last
I bought another dress jacket a bit
more terrible than normal dresses
then normally not dresses and yes with this
dress
at smart and then he has a nice pair
also like print or on and we have it
really up
can just feed and here it is
tight and
comes here when it comes out and with rikkert
sleeves yes I feel very beautiful and this one
ring has to be added
but I fear there is a not so nice so
wall hanger check mark I think
and this was 17 euros
and lastly I bought another verse
cardigan I also have a different color
this such a yes I am not very good if
you just compo gent it but i will
left turn from clusters with
other vest is therefore doing the same thing in
dark blue and yes I want to come too
about
and girlfriend all color I want it
often also dark gray
Had they not argued yet you would
dark blue but I have large canvas
taken into use
And yes I do n't have a dark blue cardigan yet
is good looking good and I was fourteen
euros
oh yeah what more i could get out of the universe
always with much bad effect
I get half a year on people
cosmogirl free the city jorg nice hey
yes that is an extra
and nothing by the way it was the cows back
with ilove primer which i also like and
yes such a nice canvas bags there far
enough we have they are really whole
handy
it was always i bought you too
nice to see
don't forget to subscribe video
and yes that next video bye